README.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/JoseBiescas/Basic-MATLAB-Style-for-Sciences/edit/master/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/JoseBiescas/Basic-MATLAB-Style-for-Sciences/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Added some parts to github page.

README.md, after:

## Description
SMS(Science Made Simple) is a programming language meant for people interested in Science and Mathematics. It aims to simplify the workload by having built-in functions that take care of common, and sometimes even uncommon, formulas and procedures. It has a simple syntax that makes it easy for anyone to grasp quickly.
 
## Motivation
The most popular programming languages ​​have functions of an internal library of the mathematics class developed for the language, but none of them has a library in which a developer can solve different science problems together in a direct way.

It is inspired by MATLAB in the sense that it concentrates on Mathematics and Science. It will include functions for mathematical problems such as integral, derivatives, etc. It will also include sciences like chemistry and physics.

We are engineering students who attended many math and science classes. We want to help future students go through those classes and it also serves as a review of what we have learned over the years.

## [Link to Repository](https://github.com/JoseBiescas/ScienceMadeSimple)

## [Link to video demo](*link to video demo*)

## [Link to commercial](*link to commercial*)

## How to use our language
Steps of how to use our programming language:

1. Download SMS from our GitHub repository with the following [link](https://github.com/JoseBiescas/ScienceMadeSimple).
2. Make sure to have Python 3 installed in your computer, pip (python package manager) comes included when downloading Python.
3. Install PLY 3.11 python libraries/packages using pip.
4. Run the parser.py file on an IDE or terminal/command prompt.
5. Start using SMS!


# Pagina es hasta aqui, el resto es a little tutorial de github.

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/JoseBiescas/Basic-MATLAB-Style-for-Sciences/edit/master/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/JoseBiescas/Basic-MATLAB-Style-for-Sciences/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.
